As the consumer moves to the digital space, corporate bodies have also been forced to engage the users on the same platform. Social media and social messaging sites have become the norm for corporate-to-client communication and vice versa. Manufacturers from various counties in the country have adopted social technology in a bid to enhance customer service. Following a meeting between members of the Kenya Association of Manufacturers (KAM) and utility firm Kenya Power, the two parties have been engaging on the popular messaging platform WhatsApp. The WhatsApp groups provide a convenient engagement platform with our large consumers and enable quick response to customers issues. It enhances engagement between us and our customers, said Kenya Power s CEO Ben Chumo.Large industries account for about 60 per cent of Kenya Power s revenue sourced from electricity consumption.The WhatsApp groups currently cover manufacturers in Mombasa, Eldoret/UasinGishu, Kisumu, Central Kenya and Athi River/Machakos chapters of KAM with plans to extend to other areas underway. Industries located within one region are grouped together and linked to the regional Kenya Power managers to facilitate quicker response in case of a power supply problem.Social engagement has been adopted by corporates including Safaricom, Equity, Airtel, Kenya Power and GOtv among others. The most popular avenues for conversation with the customer have been Facebook and Twitter, where queries and complaints are put across. The corporates respond in real time and also use the platforms for pushing their products and services.The electricity retailer uses its social media accounts to notify customers about planned outages and address queries on power failures, matters on billing, top-ups via mobile money platforms and updates on connections to new applicants. Kenya Power is continuously seeking innovative ways of improving service delivery to customers. Among them is creating partnerships with industry groups in order to reach out to their members who are also our customers, said Dr Chumo.More businesses prefer to use WhatsApp when it comes to instant messaging, says Charles Gichuki, the Co-founder and chief operating officer of Ongair, a Kenyan company that allows businesses to manage instant messaging with their customers. email print email print Job boycott should be suspended to allow room for talks this week, judge rules. 32 million chickens in Kenya at risk of contracting the avian flu, Agriculture minister says.