IN MONTE CARLO, MONACOThe IAAF on Saturday overwhelmingly passed a proposal for major reforms at the world athletics governing body seeking to regain respect for the sport that is under siege over corruption and doping.The changes are aimed at "creating an effective organisation with checks and balances and transparent structures. The IAAF delegates voted overwhelmingly 182-10 in favour of the reforms with the 10 votes against the changes coming from Benin, Bahrain, Chad, Gambia, Kazakhstan, Saudi Arabia, Laos, Malaysia, Sri Lanka and Thailand.Jamaica, Senegal, Ukraine, Uzbekistan and Oman did not vote. In the proposal for the reforms titled "Time for Change", the IAAF seeks to redefine roles and responsibilities including empowering member federations and ensuring stronger area (continental) representation.The reforms also seek to give a greater voice to athletes, create a better gender balance in the IAAF leadership and form independent anti-doping, integrity and disciplinary functions.In the reforms, the IAAF will now have a nine-member executive board made up of the president, four vice-presidents, three appointed members (from within the athletics family or independent) and a non-voting chief executive officer.The IAAF will also introduce an independent, external audit of its finances.The sport's image has been tarnished by widespread corruption allegations at its Monaco headquarters along with a doping scourge that has seen the indefinite suspension of the Russian Athletics Federation (Rusada). Speaking on the sidelines of the IAAF Gala on Friday night, Athletics Kenya president Jack Tuwei said athletes' interests should be at the heart of the reforms. He has been attending the IAAF Congress along with AK vice president Jinaro Kibet and the federation's chief executive officer Susan Kamau. The passing of the proposals will be a huge personal victory for IAAF President Sebastian Coe, who has been working tirelessly to mend the federation's image tainted under his predecessor, Lamine Diack of Senegal. IAAF President Sebastian Coe addresses delegates during a Special IAAF Congress on December 3, 2016 in Monaco. PHOTO | IAAF |Monaco's Prince albert II follows proceedings during the Special IAAF Congress on December 3, 2016 in Monaco. PHOTO | IAAF |The disgraced former IAAF President is currently under arrest and facing trial for corruption in a Paris court while his son Papa Massata Diack, a former IAAF marketing consultant, is serving a life ban from the sport for corruption and is also being sought by Interpol to answer charges in the case involving his father.Coe and the IAAF's Working Group on Governance Structure Reforms embarked on a global road show in October and last month to drum up support for the 15 key changes proposed by the Monaco-based organisation aimed at "creating an effective organisation with checks and balances and transparent structures." The reforms proposed by the working group, headed by sports lawyer Maria Clarke, have already received support from the athletes' commission headed by its chairman Rozle Prezelj of Slovenia. Speaking on Thursday, Prezelj said the reforms were necessary and we're good for the sport."In our minds, the future of our sport depends upon athletics restructuring and moving forward as one of the leading global sports, with a governing body that is accountable, transparent, robust, flexible and representative of our sport," he said in a statement. "One where the ethics, integrity and well-being of the athletes is a fundamental and non-negotiable principle and is duly protected. Very importantly, one where the athletes' voices are heard, respected and represented at all levels of the sport, including the highest level."REDEEM IMAGEThe IAAF has been battling to redeem its image with the organisation's kit suppliers, giant German sportswear manufacturers, Adidas, withdrawing their support on Friday. But a few hours later on Saturday, Japanese firm Asics and the IAAF announced a new multiple-year partnership."As official IAAF partner, Asics will be present at and involved in all IAAF World Athletics Series events including the 2017 IAAF World Championships in London (4-13 August 2017) and the 2019 IAAF World Championships in Doha, Qatar," the IAAF said in a statement."As part of the agreement, Asics will kit the officials and volunteers at all IAAF World Athletics Series events with Asics footwear and apparel that will ensure the smooth running of these events." Asics was represented by its president and chief executive Motoi Oyama. I am so happy to have the honour of supporting the IAAF as an official partner. We at Asics hope to both develop excellent products and contribute to the growth the sporting world as a whole by supporting athletics around the globe as an Official Partner of the IAAF," Oyama said. Global athletics starts a new chapter today based upon solid foundations of modern governance and a renewed determination to protect and promote clean athletes," IAAF President Coe added. "We are delighted to have attracted Asics, a world-class sportswear designer and manufacturer, as our latest official IAAF partner to share this new journey with us. This agreement is a huge endorsement of a bright future for athletics whose universality and diversity makes it a natural partner for a global corporation like Asics."According to the statement, the Asics-IAAF deal was brokered by the IAAF s commercial partner Dentsu "in close collaboration with the IAAF." email print email print The youths waved twigs just five meters from the dais forcing security men to push the crowds Mr Trump said he would deport or jail up to three million illegal migrants.