Chaos have rocked Jubilee Party elections for interim officials in Nakuru and Embu counties.Former Nakuru Town MP David Manyara was elected Nakuru County's Jubilee Party chairman amid protests over the elections of grassroots officials. Police on Tuesday used tear gas to disperse party supporters who clashed over the polls. Chaos erupted at the former TNA offices in Milimani Estate in Nakuru town where the elections of representatives for various constituencies was scheduled to take place. The protesters arrived at the venue chanting slogans against county presidential campaign coordinator Susan Kihika before anti-riot police officers intervened. The crowd stormed the entrance seeking to disrupt the meeting that was being chaired by Veronicah Maina. The aggrieved delegates wanted to stop the elections, claiming Ms Kihika, who is also the Nakuru County Assembly Speaker, had a list of her preferred officials ahead of the polls. The elections were eventually held, with Mr Manyara being picked as county party chairman.Leaders argue during the Embu County Jubilee elections on December 13, 2016. PHOTO | CHARLES WANYORO | NATION MEDIA GROUPIn Embu, chaos erupted at Kangaru School, the venue for the county Jubilee grassroots leaders' elections, after various elected leaders and aspirants disagreed over the mode of election.Trouble started after Senator Lenny Kivuti pointed out that some of the aspirants for various seats who had paid their subscription fees and registered with the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission had been locked out of the venue.He had suggested that Governor Martin Wambora and the six MPs from the county pick one of the 19 officials each while elected MCAs appoint six and the various aspirants elect the remaining six officials respectively. There are a lot of people who are paid-up aspirants who were locked outside the hall. It is only fair if they were allowed to come in, proposed Mr Kivuti.There was a heated exchange of words and a near fist fight between supporters of Runyenjes MP Cecily Mbarire, Mr Kivuti, Mr Wambora, and Mr Kithinji Kiragu.Also present was Woman Representative Rose Mitaru, Deputy Governor Dorothy Nditi, Manyatta MP John Muchiri and his Mbeere North counterpart Muriuki Njagagua.Polls coordinator Abraham Limo had proposed that the four constituencies share the slots, with Manyatta, Runyenjes and Mbeere South getting five each, while Mbeere North would get the remaining four.When Mr Kivuti stood to second the proposal, he said they had earlier agreed that seven of the 19 posts be shared among the governor and the six MPs, while the elected MCAs would get six and the remainder would go to the aspirants.His suggestion was met by a round of booing, while various delegates locked inside a hall engaged in fist fights, which were quelled by anti-riot police.About 500 people were locked out of the hall. email print email print Nairobi drops six places in Transparency International&#039;s 2016 Corruption Perception Index. Jubilee administration not pleased with his strict application of the law, sources say.