It is not difficult to notice the smile of the Changawa siblings, Ismael and his elder sister Shufaa, anywhere you come across the duo. They are, after all, the top men s and women s ranked tennis players in the country. The two, who were born and bred in Mombasa where they horned their tennis skills, have lit Kenyan tennis courts over the last five years with impressive performances earning numerous accolades.For instance, in 2014, they made history as the first set of players from one family to win both men and women s titles at the Kenya Open Tennis Championship at the Nairobi Club. Ismael became the first Kenyan in five years to win the men s singles when he halted Ugandan Duncan Mugabe s charge for his fourth title, winning 6-4, 6-4.Ismael Changawa plays a shot to Ibrahim Kibet during the Britam Kenya Open Championship singles semi-finals match on June 24, 2016 at Nairobi Club. PHOTO | CHRIS OMOLLO |Before his heroics, the last Kenyan to win the men s title was Allan Cooper in 2009 while Francis Rogoi was the last Kenyan to have reached the final in 2010, losing to Mugabe, who also won the 2011 crown.Shufaa, on the other hand, claimed her second title by beating defending champion Caroline Oduor 6-1, 6-3. Kenya's Shufaa Changawa plays a forehand shot to Adomon Marie Ange of Ivory Coast during their Africa Nations Tennis Championship women's singles first round match on November 8, 2016 at Nairobi Club. PHOTO | CHRIS OMOLLO |Ismail defend his title in 2015 while Shufaa lost out to Stephanie Mbaya. In 2016, the siblings repeated their feat winning both the singles titles with Shufaa exacting revenge on Mbaya, winning 6-4, 6-6 (7), 6-3 in an all-Kenyan final.Her brother, however, took the men s title without stepping onto the court, as his opponent Duncan Mugabe from Uganda was disqualified at the last minute for engaging in a physical brawl with Kenya s Kevin Cheruiyot during men s doubles semi-finals. My brother is an amazing player and I learn a lot from him because he pushes himself so hard to succeed in life and that has helped him reach where he is currently, Shufaa told Sunday Nation Sport.The siblings were also successful in the mixed doubles finals. Ismail Changawa (left) shares a light moment with his sister and partner Shufaa Changawa during their Britam Kenya Open Mixed doubles final match against David Oringa and Allyson Onya on June 25,2016 at Nairobi Club. PHOTO | CHRIS OMOLLO | NATION MEDIA GROUPThey also helped Kenya finish in third place at the Africa Cup of Nations finishing behind North African giants Tunisia and Morocco.However, it has not always been a rosy affair for the two and their journey to the top has been that of challenges, struggles and setbacks. Growing up in the humble dark slums of Ganjoni was not easy with drugs, early marriages and prostitution the norm.The duo started playing tennis when they were eight players, learning from their elder brother, Fazal Khan, who is known in Kenyan tennis circles.Kenya s Fazal Khan Mohamed celebrates after winning the second set against Otupio Saidi from DR Congo during their Real Insurance Kenya Open Tennis Championships match at Nairobi Club on June 17, 2014. PHOTO | CHRIS OMOLLO |NATION MEDIA GROUP We used to watch him play and we would get fascinated by his reaction and how he would get when he won tournaments plus how he got sad when he did not win, Ismail said.Changawa s brothers Faizal Khan and Juma Changawa are also known figures in Kenyan tennis circles.Ismail, 20, got his break when under the tutelage of award-winning coach Lawrence Karanja, he started training at the Mombasa Sports club. His talent quickly grew and he earned a place at the International Tennis Federation (ITF) High Performance centers first in South Africa, later in Burundi and Morocco. The centre really shaped my game because we would playing in tournaments every other week and this exposed my game and made it grow, he adds. His time at centre clearly bore fruit as he won his maiden national title during the 2007 Kenya Open Junior Tennis Championship at the Nairobi Club at the tender age of 11. It was an amazing feeling, beating some older players, that really motivated me to work hard and to aim at being the best at the sport, Ismail said. With his confidence high, the young lad was ready to take on the continent and in 2010, he reached the semi-finals of the Africa Junior Under-14 Championship in Abuja, Nigeria.In 2013, he was granted a nine-week European Tour to play in tournaments in Belgium, Italy and France. He got a big break in his career as he won one of the legs in the tour in Belgium. To date this still the highlight of my career because it showed that I could mix it with the best and beat them plus it earned me a full scholarship to go study and play tennis in Seminole College in the state of Oklahoma. Shufaa Changawa (right) with her father Ruwa Changawa. PHOTO | KEVIN ODIT |NATION MEDIA GROUP2014 was to be even better for the lanky lad, who took part in the Wimbledon Junior Tennis Championships from June 23 to July 6. He was given the invite having been ranked in 70th place in the world junior rankings by the ITF.Before the Grand Slam, Ismail played in the Grade One Junior Championships that is a warm up event ahead of the Wimbledon.He became the first Kenyan junior to take part in junior grand slam event since Christian Vitulli, who participated in the Australia Open, Wimbledon and US Open in 2006. It was an amazing experience, it is every tennis player s dream to play in a Grand Slam and I had the chance. I savour my experience because it has shaped my game, he recalled.At the 2014 Africa Youth Games in Botswana, Ismael won bronze in boys singles before combining with girls top junior Stephanie Mbaya to win silver in mixed doubles. It was the country s first international medal since the 1987 All Africa Games. It showed that I had improved and I want to thank my big brothers because they have played a part in every point of my success in my career, said Ismail.When not playing tennis, Ismael loves to read novels and compose music, oftently churning out rap tunes, which he describes as his favourite genre of music.He led the country to bronze at this year s Africa Cup of Nations held last month at the Nairobi Club and acknowledges that the country has a lot of talent who can only get better. Look at the likes of Kevin (Cheruiyot), Sheil (Kotecha), Ibra (Ibrahim Kibet) and youngers like Bobby (Albert Njogu), they are coming up really first and we have a bright future ahead and I m only too happy to play alongside them. Ismael is hoping his icons, Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal can bounce back from a difficult year and continue to dominate the sport before the likes of Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray came along.The Mombasa-born player had lauded Tennis Kenya for sending the Kenyan players to tours around the world in order to improve their game. email print email print Nairobi drops six places in Transparency International&#039;s 2016 Corruption Perception Index. New Zealand and Denmark rank best as Somalia remains the worst.