"I am dreaming of a white Christmas. Did you hear this being sung recently? I usually smile when I hear it being relayed over the airwaves in Nairobi, Kampala or Dar es Salaam. This year, however, I did not smile the few times I heard the beautiful, wistful song.I used to smile in wonder at how we appreciate a white Christmas in the warm sunny weather of our regions. A white Christmas, as you realise, is one where the surroundings are blanketed in snow, as they often are in the wintry conditions of the northern hemisphere.So, those people prefer a white festival to a green one, where there is no snow and the green grass can be seen. Incidentally, the cotton wool and even the white spray on our Christmas trees is supposed to be a suggestion of the snow! Ironically, the tree itself evokes the greenery that has been wiped out by the winter.A truly enlightened African anthropologist, like you and me, is intrigued by the curious customs of the primitive peoples of the arctic regions. Did you ever read Ham Mukasa s book, Sir Apollo Kagwa Discovers Britain, edited by Taban Lo Liyong? It is a precious humorous narrative that should be re-issued by its publishers.For us, however, in perennially emerald Kampala or in Nairobi, the green city in the sun , our Christmas normal is green. In Kampala, especially, December, though hot, is associated with an exuberant greenery fed by the short rains that culminate in the grasshopper showers of November. Indeed, the Kiganda name for November is Musenene , referring to the abundance of nsenene or senene , those verdant little dudus that are a beloved delicacy of the locals.This year, however, our Christmas was nowhere near green. Fleeing the oven-like heat inside my house, I sat in the porch and scowled at the little lawn. All I could see was a patch of brown here, a patch of black there and a chaos of nondescript dust-blanketed tortures to the eye.SCORCHED EVERYTHINGThe sun had scorched everything to a moribund passivity. Even the fronds on the emblematic Ugandan migomba (banana trees) are roasted to sickly yellow and dejected grey rags. Do I dare dream of a green Christmas just like the ones I used to know ?Things might have been brighter for me if I knew that matters were a little better in my many other East African homes, like Kisumu, Dar, Arusha, Ankole and Kilifi . But alas, the bad news of the kiangazi (drought) had been arriving from there even long before Christmas.Kilifi was particularly distressing for me, and it made even my two utterly failed maize crops this year look like a small matter. But the most shocking revelation was that in Ankole, in Western Uganda, where Museveni and the rest of my Ugandan in-laws come from, people had to depend on food aid.This is a part of the country that has increasingly become the bread basket of Uganda. Nicknamed kaaro karungi (lovely little village) because of its beautiful rolling green hills and lush valleys, Ankole is famed not only for its herds of long-horned cattle but also for the exuberant fertility of its soils, where every crop seems to grow with an almost boastful luxuriousness. How had it come to depend on famine relief?We have seen droughts before. We were even promised el ni o and lani a extremes during the year. The grim expectations have certainly been met. But need it have been so utterly awful? Is there nothing more sinister to this hellish disaster?A few years ago, a top religious leader declared that it was a serious mistake to degrade or fail to protect the environment. The hecklers and detractors of the faith were quick to laugh and mock, sarcastically hinting that the old man was using his infallible claims and the dogs in his dogmas to invent a new sin and scare the living daylights out of his innocent followers.The guy soon resigned or, rather, abdicated from his elevated office, the first person to do so in over 600 years of the history of his church. Whether or not this was in disgust with the contempt with which his environmental advice was treated, I do not know. But I noted that one of the first messages of his successor was that it is bad and dangerous to degrade the environment.In a rather light-hearted way, a character in my play, A Hole in the Sky (which I had originally called A Place Full of Fools), suggests that humanity s original sin, the eating of the fruit, was a reckless tampering with the environment. Human beings stripped themselves naked by overharvesting their resources. Then they started running around, reaching for the few remaining leaves to cover their tragic shame.The same character also hints that Doomsday (siku ya kiama) will probably not come with trumpet blasts and flames dropping out of the skies. Rather, it will be a slow but relentless and merciless roasting, by the degraded and enraged earth, of us fools who ruin it with unbridled and reckless abandon.But let us not surrender to helpless pessimism. We will not waste time lamenting the folly of those who vote shameless climate-change deniers into top world leadership. Let us, rather, determine, each one of us, to take positive action to make amends and mend our planet, regenerate our environment.There are many more of us who care than those destructive demons roaming the world with their chain-saws, wetland settlements, oil spills, river blockages and air pollution. Together we can, and we will, make Planet Earth great and green again.My chief New Year resolution is already made, and I will keep it. I am going to plant at least 100 trees. You can join me by deciding to plant at least one tree yourself. I wish you a blessed, healthy, prosperous and green 2017. Prof Bukenya is one of the leading scholars of English and Literature in East Africa. [email&#160;protected] email print email print Nairobi drops six places in Transparency International&#039;s 2016 Corruption Perception Index. New Zealand and Denmark rank best as Somalia remains the worst.