New Kenya coach Innocent Simiyu has given a qualified satisfaction to the team for their Challenge Trophy semi-final exit on Saturday at the Dubai Sevens, the opening leg of the 10-tournament World Rugby Sevens Series. For us, at least we played well but unfortunately lost the games on the edge, said Simiyu adding that he would polish on the technical side of the game so that they can secure their games early. We played an open brand of rugby, which resulted to some good tries on Day Two but we need to improve on our defence and discipline especially at the breakdowns to avoid being penalised, said Simiyu.Kenya Sevens campaign at Dubai Sevens ended at Challenge Trophy semis where they lost to Mike Friday s United States 19-21 at 7he Sevens Stadium.The reigning Singapore Sevens champions found themselves on the back foot, trailing 14-0 when skipper Madison Hughes converted Danny Barrett try and his own. William Ambaka led Kenya s comeback, coasting past his marker to score.Debutante Brian Tanga converted before Nelson Oyoo crossed the line to bring Kenya back into the game. Tanga failed to add the extras as Kenya trailed 14-12 at the break.Hughes scored his second try that he converted to stretch US s lead to 21-12 before Ambaka, too, completed his brace for Tanga to convert, but time was against the Kenyans.South Africa won the Cup title after beating last season s series champions and Olympic gold medallists, Fiji, 26-14.The Blitzboks were impressive throughout the two days, and by their performance in the United Arab Emirates, have set the marker for the season.For Kenya, they were much better at the breakdowns on the second day. They scored four tries to beat Canada 22-14 in the Challenge Trophy quarters.Cyprian Kuto touched down before Augustine Lugonzo got their second try to lead 10-0 at the break. Ambaka was sent to the sin-binned towards the end of the first half.Justin Douglas struck back for the Canadians with a try on resumption. Oyoo then came off the bench to cross over and duly slotted home the conversion for a 17-7 lead for Simiyu s boys. Leonard Mugaisi sealed Canada s fate with a late try.Canada scored through Karsten Leitner and converted through Hirayama, but it was not enough. email print email print Sources say the Jubilee administration is not pleased with Prof Muigai s strict application of Yahya Jammeh will fly out 13 luxury cars to his exiled home in Equatorial Guinea.