The new Kenya Sevens head coach Innocent Namcos Simiyu has termed his appointment exciting, challenging and enormous .Kenya Rugby Union (KRU) chairman Richard Omwela announced the coach s selection on a two-year contract during a press conference held at RFUEA grounds on Monday.And Simiyu praised former Kenya 7s coaches who came before him, saying they had left high standards that he would strive to uphold.Simiyu, 33, takes over from Benjamin Ayimba, who led the team to its first ever victory in the World Rugby Series in Singapore as well as qualification for the Olympic Games, which were held in Rio de Janeiro in August.However, Simiyu was not present at the well-attended press briefing that included the international media. Omwela said the board deferred the naming of the head coach from Thursday last week after former New Zealand Sevens coach Gordon Tietjens turned down their offer at the last minute and opted to go to Samoa.The chairman said the board is confident that Simiyu would deliver albeit with little coaching experience.Simiyu, Impala Saracens centre, said Kenya Sevens robust performance would depend on good preparations. Focus will be on how to get the players in their best form for them to compete effectively at the highest level, said Simiyu.The tactician said he has huge plans for Kenya Sevens, which he would implement after meeting with the union officials on Tuesday.Simiyu captained the Kenya Sevens team between 2006 and 2008 as well as the Kenyan 15s side in 2008 to 2011.He hinted that his tentative selection of the team would be based on the just-concluded Safari 7s in addition to a few inclusions from the training squad. We have little time left before the World Series begin in December in Dubai. We can handle our assignments well if we prepare adequately. My thinking won t be far from Ayimba s on how Kenya should play. I truly appreciate what Ayimba has done, having played under him as the captain and coach. He has been an inspirational leader, he said.Simiyu last played for Kenya Sevens at the George Sevens leg of the 2010/2011 World Rugby Series. Omwela said Tietjens wife, Julia, and Samoan Prime Minister Tuilaepa Sa ilele Malielegaoi were directly involved in his move to Somoa, resulting in Kenya being elbowed out. email print email print Simiyu s appointment was confirmed on Monday at the RFUEA Grounds.President Kenyatta says opposition leaders are making absurd claims because they have sensed Mr Odinga repeated claims that the security agencies were out to eliminate Mr Joho.