Impala Saracens are the new Impala Floodlit rugby tournament champions.The resilient and well organised Sarries clinched the title they won last in 2010 when they edged out defending champions Kenya Commercial Bank 33-32 in a cracking final played on Saturday night at the Impala Sports Club grounds.Impala scored three converted tries and three penalties to end the bankers hope for their seventh Cup success. The defeat ended KCB s dream for their sixth Cup success, having won three consecutive time last year.The bankers, who led 15-13 at the break before capitulating, scored five tries, two conversions and a penalty but all was in vain as they relinquished the title they won in the last three editions. Right wing Quinto Ongo touched down one try besides curling over three conversions and a similar number of penalties for Impala, who managed to exert revenge against KCB, who beat them in last year s final. Skipper eighth man Duncan Ekasi and full-back full-back Samuel Oliech also managed a try each for Impala.Kenya Sevens skipper and flanker Andrew Amonde and centre Collins Nato scored a try each as full-back Darwin Mukidza converted one besides a penalty for KCB s 15-13 lead at the break. Second-row Francis Mwita, hooker Peter Karia and substitute back Steve Oyaya s second half efforts fell short when Mukidza managed one conversion. KCB played with two men advantage in the last quarter of the second half when Oliech and Dennis Karani were sin-binned but its effects were minimal after the Lions met a resilient and watertight Sarries defence. We knew the bankers would defend their coffers like hungry lions but we kept our nerves, said Impala director of rugby Fred Ollows. The two yellow cards disrupted our systems in the second half but I am glad that our defence worked extra time and the players were keen. KCB coach Curtis Olago said the match was bound to be close with team with the most errors getting the beating. The scoreline tells that the error rate was high but I am glad I got a chance to test my players. Olago said his charges will come back better and stronger for the Kenya Cup season that starts in three weeks time.Amonde drew first blood for the bankers from a maul with Mukidza converting for a 7-0 lead only for Ongo to slot in a penalty before converting how own try to give Impala the 10-7 lead. Ongo stretch the lead to 13-7 from another well-taken penalty before Mukidza chalked out a similar for the bankers. email print email print President Kenyatta says opposition leaders are making absurd claims because they have sensed Mr Odinga repeated claims that the security agencies were out to eliminate Mr Joho.