MANCHESTERPep Guardiola has reassured Sergio Aguero that he has a future at Manchester City.Aguero has been through a tricky October, with his early-season run of goalscoring form grinding to a halt and his place in City's starting line-up called into question.Guardiola dropped the forward to the bench for recent games against Everton and Barcelona, although he did start Sunday's 1-1 Premier League draw at home to Southampton a result that left City top of the table on goal difference.The manager seemed to suggest last Friday that Aguero was free to leave the club if he wanted to, saying that "when he decides to leave City, it will be his decision".However, Guardiola whose side visit Manchester United in the fourth round of the EFL Cup on Wednesday has insisted the Argentina international remains a significant part of his plans."Sergio played really well in the last games," Guardiola said Tuesday. "I am so happy with Sergio and hopefully he can stay for a long time."When I said it depends on Sergio, I was not saying I don't want him. I want from deep in my heart for him to can stay here."'SPECIAL PLAYER'Aguero has acknowledged he has been struggling for form of late, both for club and country.He suffered a calf injury while playing for Argentina in a 2-2 World Cup qualifying draw in Peru on October 6, and then declared himself fit for their next qualifier at home to Paraguay five days later, only to have a penalty saved as his side lost 1-0.To compound his frustrations, Aguero had another penalty saved after coming on as a substitute as City drew 1-1 at home to Everton in the Premier League on October 15.Guardiola has refused to give any credence to reports that there have been tensions between him and Aguero this season, instead choosing to talk up the striker's qualities."He is a special player," the Spanish boss said. "He is a striker who has scored millions of goals in his career. We cannot forget how many goals he scores for us."I am here to help him. When a team does not win, for a short time, I always think about what I can do to help them individually and collectively."City are in the midst of a demanding run of fixtures, which includes a Champions League Group C home match against Barcelona, the club where Guardiola made his name as a manager and player, on November 2.Guardiola is hopeful Kevin De Bruyne will be fit to play in that match after suffering a calf injury against Southampton on Sunday.The winger is not fit to face United at Old Trafford on Wednesday, but could be ready for Saturday's league trip to West Bromwich Albion.City won their first 10 matches of the season under Guardiola but have failed to win any of the following five.But Guardiola said: "I knew from the beginning how difficult it would be. We play a lot of games and we have not too many times to make a correction during the training session because we cannot train. So I knew the process would be a little bit longer than I expected."We cannot forget how well we have played, even in the last few games, when we didn't win. "We were better than our opponents and we created many chances, but we missed the last pass. We conceded few chances. The only problem is that when we did, we gave clear chances to them. But I am so optimistic we are going to have a very good season." email print email print Bailly expects to return within two months after injuring his knee during his side's 4-0 Premier League defeat at Chelsea. Residents accuse Ken Obura of supporting President Kenyatta&#039;s Jubilee Party. Carter was found to have tested positive for banned substance Methylhexanamine.