On-form Fredrick Mburu at the weekend produced an excellent 43 points at the par 72 Ruiru Sports Club course to clinch the overall title in Kenya Revenue Authority golf tournament.Mburu, who attributed his win to a good selection of clubs, parred four holes in the first nine that included a double bogey six. I did away with my three-wood and used five iron all through. It worked well for me, said Mburu, who had four pars at the front nine for 22 points. At the back nine, the handicap 20 Mburu also parred four holes and made two double-bogeys both on the par fours, dropped three more shots for 21 points.Taking the men s first prize was Benson Kimani who combined 17 and 24 to beat Peter Mburu (22, 19) on countback. Ernest Waithaka, also on 41 made up of 20 and 21, won Category C prize as Margaret Muriu (42) led the ladies list, with Susan Mukururi, on 40, came second, followed by Teresia Wainaina (39). The nines went to Njenga Wang endo (23) and Mahesh Patel with 21 points. Leading the sponsors category (men) was Peter Karare on 34, while Beatrice Bisonga claimed the ladies prize with 35 points. In the guests category, Railway s Elijah Runo carded 39 points as clubmate Jane Ndirangu, on 34, was the best lady guest winner. OBONYO WONAt Nyali Golf and Country Club, Japheth Obonyo of Mombasa Golf Club beat Nyali s Peter Gathuri on countback with a total of 40 points to win the Communication Authority golf tournament at the weekend. Handicap 16 Obonyo started badly, double-bogeying two holes in addition to several single bogeys, for 16 points in the first nine. However, he recovered at the back nine where picked four straight pars from the 10th, bogeyed the 14th but again recovered at the par three-15th, parred the 17th for an impressive 24 points and a total of 40 to beat men s winner Gathuri (18, 22) on countback.Former Mombasa Golf Club captain Allan Dainty, also on 40, took the third prize while Charles Odoo beat Allan Mola on countback with 37 points to finish third.Taking the ladies title was Joyce Masai who carded 38 points to beat Vanessa Peris by two points. Paul Wangai led the guests with 35 points. Alyssa Jamal beat Andrew Wahome on countback to emerge the top junior as John Omo carded 42 points to emerge the best staff. email print email print President Kenyatta says opposition leaders are making absurd claims because they have sensed Mr Odinga repeated claims that the security agencies were out to eliminate Mr Joho.