The Orange Democratic Movement on Thursday basked in the glory of three wins in the four ward by-elections, saying it was a sign of Jubilee s impending defeat in 2017.The party s director of elections, Mr Junet Mohamed, said they had won by-elections in Kajiado, Kisii, and Turkana counties despite what they said was Jubilee s financial might and would do the same in the presidential poll.In the Wednesday by-elections, ODM won in Kalokol in Turkana (Josphat Ekeno), Mosiro in Kajiado (Peter Kusey) and in Kisii s Nyacheki Ward, which was won by Mr Naftal Onkoba.Jubilee coalition s Fauzia Sadik won in Tana River s Sala Ward.On Thursday, ODM said the Wednesday victories were a sign of a people ready for change. The merited victory in the three wards was not just by sheer luck, but a people s resolve for change to usher in good leadership, a sign of what awaits Jubilee on August 8, 2017, Mr Mohamed said in a statement at Orange House, Nairobi.The party also condemned a Tuesday night attack on Mr Ekeno s family in Turkana - that left his eight-year-old daughter with a bullet near her heart- and another at its party s centre in Kalokol Ward. The Tuesday night attack is a clear indication of frustrations, desperation and a lack of ideas by Jubilee. We are telling them: We are just getting started. We will squeeze you into political abyss, said Mr Mohamed.The Suna East MP was accompanied by party treasurer Timothy Bosire (Kitutu Masaba), Dagoretti North MP Simba Arati, Kajiado Central s Elijah Memusi, Mombasa Woman Representative Mishi Mboko and her Kilifi counterpart, Ms Aisha Jumwa.WARD BY-ELECTIONSThe party said the ward by-elections had seen Jubilee leaders and many opposition MPs who decamped to the ruling coalition campaign aggressively for the candidates.Jubilee had engineered mass defections from the opposition parties that poached 40 elected leaders - governors, senators and MPs - and who were unveiled during the party s launch at Kasarani, Nairobi, last month. It is now evident that the endless trips by the Deputy President to western Kenya and, in particular, the Gusii region where he spends millions of taxpayers money have not borne fruit as wananchi are fed up with this regime, said Mr Mohamed.Mr Bosire warned DP William Ruto and the defecting MPs of defeat in 2017 in the Gusii region. The DP has come to Gusii 14 times, and President Kenyatta eight times. But the people have understood you. Do not even waste time coming. They are no longer gullible, said Mr Bosire.Mr Memusi said: In every by-election in Maasailand, Jubilee pours billions of stolen money. But the people have shown that they will not sell their rights.Ms Mboko said: The whole group of defectors could not even win a by-election in a ward. What makes them think they are of any use in 2017? email print email print Sources say the Jubilee administration is not pleased with Prof Muigai s strict application ofPresident Kenyatta says opposition leaders are making absurd claims because they have sensed